1. Memcache can improve a site's performance by caching certain frequent
   database calls to alleviate strain on the database server. Memcache is very
   fast, so it will speed up requests that hit the cache, but it also reduces
   traffic to the database, so other requests will not have to wait as long.

   When used in a multi-node configuration, Memcache will decide which server
   to store a bit of data on based on the cache key. Ideally, this will
   distribute the traffic between the Memcache servers.

2. The first thing that comes to mind when I look at the controller is that it
   is long and there appears to be some repeated segments. I would improve that
   by refactoring some of that code out of the if...else block that it is in.
   Specifically, the large if...else blocks that determine the sort order of
   the candidates could probably be pulled out and simplified. I would replace
   it with a case statement and find a way to put it outside of the
   "if current_user.has_permission?('view_candidates')" section and also use it
   in the else section of that same block. The order is the same no matter
   whether the current user has permission or not. This would simplify the 'if'
   section to one line

   The else portion of the outermost if...else block is very long and involved
   and could use some comments or some clean up. There are many nested
   if...else and each blocks, making the code very difficult to read. I feel
   like the needed data could be acquired in a simpler fashion, possibly by
   moving some of this logic to the models. I am not certain of how the models
   are set up, but this section seems pretty complicated. From what I can
   ascertain, User has many JobContacts, JobContact belongs to Job, Job has
   many CandidateJobs, and CandidateJob belongs to Candidate. It may be that
   this is the easiest way to get the Candidates that a User can see, but I
   would try to reduce the number of nested blocks by introducing model methods
   or using built-in array methods in some places. If it isn't possible to
   change the code, I would include some comments to make it more obvious what
   the code is doing.
